Come with me, little soul sister
Hello, the user you dialed is temporarily unavailable.
Please
Strange night, Joan came to pick me up early
Why hasn't it arrived today?
It's been a busy day, hard work.
Have a cup of coffee!
Thanks.
Damn father for grandpa
There are bugs drugging in prison
Where is this?
Who are you?
No, please.
Don't be afraid, I'll be responsible for you.
How could I be with a stranger
Man lying on a bed
God, how should I explain to the wrong person?
Mr. Xiao
This is the girl who broke into your room last night
Her name is Xia Wanzhen
It's the daughter of your partner, Mr. Xia
Find his whereabouts at all costs
This is what happened.
What should I tell Yu'an?
Will he ever forgive me?